Your feet should not hurt when you walk.
Your first defense is myofascial
release, aka really intense massage. You
can use a ball, shampoo, kitchen spoon,
water bar, pine cone, broom thing,
deodorant. Basically, anything roughly
rounded, semi-h hard will work. Focus
most of your pressure here, then roll
out everything else. Your second defense
is to lengthen and strengthen your
plantar fascia. You can use flat shoes
that allow for a toe spread so your foot
and arch is forced to get stronger. If
you can't quite get over the shoes, at
least try the socks. Toe freedom equals
stronger arches. And for the
lengthening, just squat all the way
down. If your heels lift, that's okay.
Just get your fingertips on the ground.
Sink your heels as close to the floor as
possible. Maintain that stretch while
you bring your knees all the way forward
till you bring them down to the ground.
You should feel a stretch through your
big toe and all through the bottom of
your arches. And if that's too painful
and difficult, you can just use your
hands to pull your toes back and feel
the stretch this way. If you want the
shoes or socks, paluva.com code stay
flexy.